CON-576: Update & clarify service max periods (#523)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/rates.md

## Get rate pricing

> Returns prices for a given rate for a specified time interval. Prices will be returned for all service [time units](services.md#time-unit) that the specified time interval intersects. So, for example, an interval `1st Jan 23:00 UTC - 1st Jan 23:00 UTC` will result in one price for `2nd Jan`, while Interval `1st Jan 23:00 UTC - 2nd Jan 23:00 UTC` will result in two prices for `2nd Jan` and `3rd Jan` (assuming a time unit period of "Day"). UTC timestamps must correspond to the start boundary of a [time unit](services.md#time-unit), e.g. 00:00 converted to UTC for a time unit of "Day". Other timestamps are not permitted. The __maximum size of time interval__ depends on [service's time unit](./services.md#time-unit): 367 hours if hours, 367 days if days, or 24 months if months.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns prices for a given rate for a specified time interval. Prices will be returned for all service [time units](services.md#time-unit) that the specified time interval intersects. So, for example, an interval `1st Jan 23:00 UTC - 1st Jan 23:00 UTC` will result in one price for `2nd Jan`, while Interval `1st Jan 23:00 UTC - 2nd Jan 23:00 UTC` will result in two prices for `2nd Jan` and `3rd Jan` (assuming a time unit period of "Day"). UTC timestamps must correspond to the start boundary of a [time unit](services.md#time-unit), e.g. 00:00 converted to UTC for a time unit of "Day". Other timestamps are not permitted. The __maximum size of time interval__ depends on the service's [time unit](./services.md#time-unit): 367 hours if hours, 367 days if days, or 24 months if months.
```

> Returns prices for a given rate for a specified time interval. Prices will be returned for all service [time units](services.md#time-unit) that the specified time interval intersects. So, for example, an interval `1st Jan 23:00 UTC - 1st Jan 23:00 UTC` will result in one price for `2nd Jan`, while Interval `1st Jan 23:00 UTC - 2nd Jan 23:00 UTC` will result in two prices for `2nd Jan` and `3rd Jan` (assuming a time unit period of "Day"). UTC timestamps must correspond to the start boundary of a [time unit](services.md#time-unit), e.g. 00:00 converted to UTC for a time unit of "Day". Other timestamps are not permitted. The __maximum size of time interval__ depends on [service's time unit](./services.md#time-unit): 367 hours, 367 days, or 24 months, whichever is the shorter amount of time.

Author: ```suggestion
Returns prices for a given rate for a specified time interval. Prices will be returned for all service [time units](services.md#time-unit) that the specified time interval intersects. So, for example, an interval `1st Jan 23:00 UTC - 1st Jan 23:00 UTC` will result in one price for `2nd Jan`, while Interval `1st Jan 23:00 UTC - 2nd Jan 23:00 UTC` will result in two prices for `2nd Jan` and `3rd Jan` (assuming a time unit period of "Day"). UTC timestamps must correspond to the start boundary of a [time unit](services.md#time-unit), e.g. 00:00 converted to UTC for a time unit of "Day". Other timestamps are not permitted. The __maximum size of time interval__ depends on [service's time unit](./services.md#time-unit): 367 hours if hours, 367 days if days, or 24 months if months.
```

| `AccessToken` | string | required | Access token of the client application. |
| `Client` | string | required | Name and version of the client application. |
| `RateId` | string | required | Unique identifier of the [Rate](#rate) whose prices should be returned. |
| `FirstTimeUnitStartUtc` | string | required | Start of the time interval, expressed as the timestamp for the start of the first [time unit](services.md#time-unit), in UTC timezone ISO 8601 format. |

> | `LastTimeUnitStartUtc` | string | required | End of the time interval, expressed as the timestamp for the start of the last [time unit](services.md#time-unit), in UTC timezone ISO 8601 format. The maximum size of time interval depends on [service's time unit](./services.md#time-unit): 367 hours, 367 days, or 24 months. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `LastTimeUnitStartUtc` | string | required | End of the time interval, expressed as the timestamp for the start of the last [time unit](services.md#time-unit), in UTC timezone ISO 8601 format. The maximum size of time interval depends on the service's [time unit](./services.md#time-unit): 367 hours if hours, 367 days if days, or 24 months if months. |
```

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `CategoryId` | string | optional | Unique identifier of the [Resource category](resources.md#resource-category) whose prices to update. If not specified, base price is updated. |
| `FirstTimeUnitStartUtc` | string | required | Start of the time interval, expressed as the timestamp for the start of the first [time unit](services.md#time-unit), in UTC timezone ISO 8601 format. |

> | `LastTimeUnitStartUtc` | string | required | End of the time interval, expressed as the timestamp for the start of the last [time unit](services.md#time-unit), in UTC timezone ISO 8601 format. The maximum size of time interval depends on [service's time unit](./services.md#time-unit): 367 hours, 367 days, or 24 months. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `LastTimeUnitStartUtc` | string | required | End of the time interval, expressed as the timestamp for the start of the last [time unit](services.md#time-unit), in UTC timezone ISO 8601 format. The maximum size of time interval depends on the service's [time unit](./services.md#time-unit): 367 hours if hours, 367 days if days, or 24 months if months. |
```

> | `LastTimeUnitStartUtc` | string | required | End of the time interval, expressed as the timestamp for the start of the last [time unit](services.md#time-unit), in UTC timezone ISO 8601 format.  The maximum size of time interval depends on [service's time unit](./services.md#time-unit): 367 hours, 367 days, or 24 months. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `LastTimeUnitStartUtc` | string | required | End of the time interval, expressed as the timestamp for the start of the last [time unit](services.md#time-unit), in UTC timezone ISO 8601 format. The maximum size of time interval depends on [service's time unit](./services.md#time-unit): 367 hours, 367 days, or 24 months. |
```
